ailab/README.md, before:

# Setup Lab and Launch Benchmark Remotely

By setting up a lab, you can set up a server with benchmarking devices connected, and submit benchmarking jobs remotely from another machine. We rely on Django, uWSGI and nginx for setting up the lab. In the README, we'll walk through how to setup the lab server, start the lab, and submit jobs to the lab remotely from another machine.

## Server Setup

#### Install DJango
```
pip install Django
```

#### Config MySQL Database
- Install MySQL on the server (https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/installing.html)
- Create a MySQL database
  - Start MySQL:
  ```
  mysql --user=<username> --password=<password>
  ```
  - In MySQL prompt:
  ```
  CREATE DATABSE <databse_name>
  ```
- In `ailab/settings.py`, speficy `NAME`, `USER` and `PASSWORD` with the name
of the database, username and password of MySQL.
- In the current directory (ailab), run the following commands:
```
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
```

#### Start server
We will rely on `nginx` and `uWSGI` to serve model files as media files.
Note: the following commands are intended for OS X and are translated from https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/Django_and_nginx.html. If you are running another operating system or want to take a more comprehensive look at the structure, please reference to the link.

1. Install uWSGI:
```
pip install uwsgi
```
2. install nginx:
```
brew install nginx
```
3. Create directories for of `sites-enabled` and `sites-available` for nginx:
```
mkdir -p /usr/local/etc/nginx/sites-{enabled,available}
```
4. Modify `ailab_nginx.conf` file to set the appropriate `<path-to-this-directory>`
5. Move the new conf file to nginx's directory and create corresponding links:
```
cp ailab_nginx.conf /usr/local/etc/nginx/sites-available
ln -s /usr/local/etc/nginx/sites-available/ailab_nginx.conf /usr/local/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/
```
6. Restart nginx service in production setting
```
nginx -s stop
nginx
```
7. Start uWSGI from this directory in production setting
```
uwsgi --socket :8001 --module ailab.wsgi
```

Now, the server should be up and running, ready to receive requests.


## Start Lab
On server, inside `benchmarking` directory, run:
```
python run_bench.py --lab --claimer_id <claimer_id>
```

## Run Benchmark Remotely
On another machine, inside `benchmarking` directory, invoke the lab by running:
```
python run_bench.py -b <benchmark_file> --remote --devices <devices>
```

Commit message:

Move static files to correct locations & refine server setup in README (#247)
Summary:
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/facebook/FAI-PEP/pull/247

Previously, the static directory are put to root directory of Django project, which is not the best practice. This diff moves these static files into the benchmark app of the Django project and added instructions on how to make these static files available in the production environments.

Reviewed By: sf-wind

Differential Revision: D14542585

fbshipit-source-id: df09280ebfe0c3c126821816fdd99dd558f21f75

ailab/README.md, after:

# Setup Lab and Launch Benchmark Remotely

By setting up a lab, you can set up a server with benchmarking devices connected, and submit benchmarking jobs remotely from another machine. We rely on Django, uWSGI and nginx for setting up the lab. In the README, we'll walk through how to setup the lab server, start the lab, and submit jobs to the lab remotely from another machine.

## Server One-Time Setup

#### Install DJango
```
pip install Django
```

#### Config MySQL Database
- Install MySQL on the server (https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/installing.html)
- Create a MySQL database
  - Start MySQL:
  ```
  mysql --user=<username> --password=<password>
  ```
  - In MySQL prompt:
  ```
  CREATE DATABSE <databse_name>
  ```
- In `ailab/settings.py`, speficy `NAME`, `USER` and `PASSWORD` with the name
of the database, username and password of MySQL.
- In the current directory (ailab), run the following commands:
```
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
```

#### Setup nginx and uWSGI
We will rely on `nginx` and `uWSGI` to serve model files as media files.
Note: the following commands are intended for OS X and are translated from https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/Django_and_nginx.html. If you are running another operating system or want to take a more comprehensive look at the structure, please reference to the link.

1. Install uWSGI:
```
pip install uwsgi
```
2. install nginx:
```
brew install nginx
```
3. Create directories for of `sites-enabled` and `sites-available` for nginx:
```
mkdir -p /usr/local/etc/nginx/sites-{enabled,available}
```
4. Modify `ailab_nginx.conf` file to set the appropriate `<path-to-this-directory>`
5. Move the new conf file to nginx's directory and create corresponding links:
```
cp ailab_nginx.conf /usr/local/etc/nginx/sites-available
ln -s /usr/local/etc/nginx/sites-available/ailab_nginx.conf /usr/local/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/
```
6. Restart nginx service in production setting
```
nginx -s stop
nginx
```

## Start the server
1. Collect static files that Django visualization would use
```
python manage.py collectstatic --clear
```
2. Start uWSGI from this directory in production setting
```
uwsgi --socket :8001 --module ailab.wsgi
```

Now, the server should be up and running, ready to receive requests.


## Start Lab
On server, inside `benchmarking` directory, run:
```
python run_bench.py --lab --claimer_id <claimer_id>
```

## Run Benchmark Remotely
On another machine, inside `benchmarking` directory, invoke the lab by running:
```
python run_bench.py -b <benchmark_file> --remote --devices <devices>
```
